Security guard
Break the legs of the three people who were secretly left behind
Throw it out and wait a minute
Dad?
You are the gambler
Waste ball, sir, can you speak?
How can you open your mouth and say that others are trash?
Isn't it?
In order to gamble with his wife and children
Even my wife's life-saving money is gambled
People like him
Calling him a waste insults the word waste
Just trash like him
What qualifications do you have to participate in a conference like ours?
What a party
Come here.
It's an insult to our upper class
We at the top are civilized people
I don't want to do anything to you.
Or get out by yourself
Claiming to be an upper class person
Even basic right and wrong
What civilized person are you pretending to be?
One ball, my dad has already given you the step down
Don't be shameless
You are the ones who give shameless face, right?
We only entered the venue after passing Stefanie.
Nonsense
I heard from my son that you made millions in the stock market
What's the point of this?
You need 100 million to get in here
You don't want to say
After investing in stocks
I made a hundred million in such a short time
No, definitely not.
I knew it.
You can't make 100 million in such a short time
We made a billion what?